Weekly Changelog 2023-07-17 to 2023-07-24 (#67130)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Creatures above cast shadows onto tiles below
Apply different messages at different effect intensity levels
Player character now can get sick with common cold or flu only after contacts with NPCs or ferals

> Make mattresses deployable in tents
> Run and bash animations, shadows, fog tweak for ASCIITileset
> Mi-Go prisoners are now grateful for their rescue
> Generate vehicle prototypes from in-game vehicles
> In-game Armor sprite change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate vehicle prototypes from in-game vehicles
In-game Armor sprite change
```

You can now choose a new leader for your faction without dying
Adds new skateboard vehicle
Most scenarios now provide vision of the nearest city on start

> alternative resolution to clean back bay quest
> work coveralls
> Now you will know why you fear the night.
> Added a lighter, less costly but less protective alternative to chainmail leggings
> Add a spell-using feral human to Magiclysm.
> Split Skater profession into one with blades and another with a board
> Adds mullets
> Replace the light bulbs
> Add a synagogue
> bionics can require another bionic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternative resolution to clean back bay quest
Add a synagogue
```

Disable the Bionic Professions mod by default
Add the Mind Over Matter mod to the CDDA repository
[Tamable Wildlife] More tamable creatures

> Add additional portal storm remnant map extras

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[MoM] Add additional portal storm remnant map extras
```

Disable the Bionic Professions mod by default
Add the Mind Over Matter mod to the CDDA repository
[Tamable Wildlife] More tamable creatures

> Faction succession cooldown is now a json value, and can be modded as such
> Add additional portal storm remnant map extras
> Mainline Sky Island mod
> Rebalance and add scaling to psionic passives
> Add ways to use psionics in quests
> Reading the Earthbones spell fix
> Add psionic feral parrots
> [DinoMod] Culling the Cute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add additional portal storm remnant map extras
[Sky Island] Mainline Sky Island mod
[Magiclysm] Add a spell-using feral human to Magiclysm
```

BMI has a less all consuming impact on how healthy you are
Being badly wounded will always allow you to swap characters in camp while you heal
Intelligence provides a multiplier to current focus rather than adding to its value

> ADS is less invincible
> reduce unseen hunter bullet armor
> Updates IFAK pouch weight and max item length
> 9mm smgs and carbines have somewhat less range
> Molotov cocktails use flammable_liquid instead of accelerant_liquid
> Makes it so that the liquid armor generated by the resonating gorget fits mutated anatomy
> Makes padded feet quieter
> army clothing is nylon only instead of cotton/nylon blend
> 'Experiment' start and extra_mut_scen starts don't reveal the nearest city
> Windbreaker is nylon instead of plastic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Smashing now incorporates any MELEE_DAMAGE and STRENGTH enchantments
'w'ield menu will now correctly trigger a steal warning when wielding an item that does not belong to player
Allow crafting tools to use linked electricity

> Don't get randomly sick anymore
> Itemgroups can seal containers
> add verb and remove doubled the from grab break messages
> Spawned corpses should now spawn with and contain their clothes
> Effects Crashing the game fix
> Chewing gum is (not) a stimulant
> Fix message in ter_furn_data don't be translated
> Ironshod and Steelshod quarterstaff recipe cost adjustments
> [Sky Island] fix the issue of exit points not disappearing after teleporting home
> Fish samples spawn in labs now
> Can no longer get stuck for days thinking about working out if you're a WIMP with NEGATIVE WORKOUT TIME
> Fix android build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't get randomly sick anymore
Itemgroups can seal containers
Spawned corpses should now spawn with and contain their clothes
Can no longer get stuck for days thinking about working out if you're a WIMP with NEGATIVE WORKOUT TIME
```

Refactor timer items to be a bit more time based
Support for material replacement in items
Carrier for items on ground is nullptr

> Quick setup for manual testing in the debug menu
> Tick_action as a separate thing from use_action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tick_action as a separate thing from use_action
```
